KB review with Pam (#1310)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/kb/semgrep-code/scan-engine-kill.md

## Parallelization

Once you have determined the RAM sufficient to scan your large codebase, you can now introduce parallelization to speed up the scan.

Per the previous section, you have determined the total memory required for a `-j 1` configuration. Now, you can begin testing different parallelization configurations, such as specifying `-j 2`, all the whilst still monitoring for any swap usage.

> If that succeeds, you can experiment with a `-j 4` configuration and continue monitoring scan time for improvements.  Keeping resource costs in mind, it serves well to determine the optimal configuration in bumping up the number of parallel jobs to speed up the scan. Thus, there is a balancing act between achieving faster scans and keeping your overhead costs down as much as possible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If that succeeds, you can experiment with increasing `-j` and continue monitoring scan time for improvements. Finding the optimal balance depends on both resources used and scan time, since both can impact cost and efficiency.
```

> Furthermore, there is overhead in parallelization: the total RAM required for a `-j 2` scan is greater than a `-j 1` scan for the same codebase, but you should see a decrease in total scan time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This can be deleted if the memory detail change for line 134 is used.

## Scanning schedule

> We recommend performing modular scans on a daily basis along with one comprehensive monolithic scan every two weeks or so to address code introduced outside the scope of the modular scans. This helps true-up your dependency graph for the monolithic build and optimizes scan feasibility.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if I understand this. What exactly are we recommending, and why?

Reviewer 2: The shortest definition I can give based on our [scan-monorepo-in-parts](https://semgrep.dev/docs/kb/semgrep-ci/scan-monorepo-in-parts/) article: A module implies a top-level or high-level folder whose code files don't interact with the code files in another module. If this is succinct without oversimplifying, maybe @sinat101 can use this definition somewhere early in the doc or reference [https://semgrep.dev/docs/kb/semgrep-ci/scan-monorepo-in-parts/](https://semgrep.dev/docs/kb/semgrep-ci/scan-monorepo-in-parts/)? 

We could also present the recommendation the following way:

---

A modular scan means to scan a top-level folder whose code files do not interact with code files in other folders at the same level. We recommend the following:

- Perform a modular full scan daily by using the following command: `semgrep ci --include=/src/moduleA/*`.
- Perform a full scan on the entire monorepo every two weeks. This full scan ensures that any dependency scans are up-to-date.

---

Regarding the last sentence, I'm not actually sure if a full scan affects dependency scans, tbh, I based that off of the existing content. 

Just my 2 cents :)
